When Pope Paul VI boarded a plane to the Western Hemisphere in 1964,
it was the first time any pope had traveled outside of Europe. Since
Pope Paul VI's inaugural trip, he and his four successors have visited
a total of 280 countries combined. Some years their itineraries were
small, or nonexistent - Pope John Paul I didn't leave Europe at all -
and some years they had as many as 14 countries to visit.
*Roll over each circle to see how many countries each pope visited
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----
In 1994 papal travel came to include a tri-annual visit to the World
Meeting of Families, which is the world’s largest Catholic gathering.
The six-day event closes with a mass celebrated by the sitting pope.
Since it's inception in 1994, the meeting has been held mostly in
Europe. This year is the first time the event is being held in the
United States.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----
On September 27 Pope Francis will celebrate Mass at Philadelphia’s
iconic Franklin Parkway to an estimated 1.5 million people.
Unfortunately, for many, Franklin Parkway simply cannot accommodate
that many people. According to The Philadelphia Inquirer, <a
href="http://articles.philly.com/2005-06-26/news/25438984_1_artmuseum-
crowd-square-footage">philly.com</a>"the prime viewing area"
between the art museum and JFK Plaza consists of roughly 1,100,000
square feet and some of that space is permanently occupied by light
posts and trees. Based on that information and an additional breakdown
of the square footage required per individual (7.5ft), it was
determined that only roughly </br>400,000 people will actually be able
to attend the Mass.